[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: So we have a small exercise.
If we checkout to step 7.
It's another small one.
>> Speaker 1: Let me open it up.
>> Speaker 1: There we go okay, so
in step 7 there's a new file in the root,
this is called ddtester.
And with this file,
what we're going to do.
Hold on, let me silence my phone.
>> Speaker 1: There we go.
This file [COUGH] is completely outside of
the application we just been working on
all morning.
It's a separate file,
that's why I made it on the root.
It's just a way for
us to play with mongoose and Mongo and
get familiar with it.
All you need to do in here is just
need to connect to a database so
the below will work.
So once you connect to a database, [COUGH]
the stuff that's happening out here,
we'll be able to work and
we can verify it.
So what's happening below is that
we're creating a new schema and making
a to do's collection with a to do model.
>> Speaker 1: So
they're saying
the collection in the model.
The model is like the representation
of the actual resource that we're going
to be creating or consuming in our API.
The collection is where that
model is stored in the database.
So we're making a to-dos
collection with a to do model.
It's like if you use backbone,
it's the same stuff.
We then create a new todo.
>> Speaker 1: So
once you connect to the database, if you
go back in the Mongo shell, or terminal,
or robo Mongo,
wherever you're looking at Mongo.
Switch over to your database and
query it, query it there to see
if you find the todo that's created below.
>> Speaker 1: And
also make sure that Mongod is running, so
Mongo d is running inside of the terminal,
otherwise none of this will work.
So make sure you have Mongo running,
connect to the database up here,
and then go look at it wherever, whether
that's in Robomongo or whether that's in
the Mongo shell, connect to that same
database and your preferred method.
And make sure that when you query
the to dos collection, that's the name
of the collection, pluralize,
lower case,
that you see this todo that we created.